Lightning Kokkos support >=32 qubits on GPUs (#1382)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane-lightning: .github/CHANGELOG.md

<h3>Improvements 🛠</h3>

> - Added support for simulating >32 qubits using Lightning-Kokkos on GPU devices.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The Lightning-Kokkos simulator now supports simulation of statevectors with 32 or more qubits when using GPU devices.
```
